docs: add postgresql tuning docs (#438)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/node-operators/get-started/setup-datanode.md

- `/host_path/to/snapshotsCopyTo` is the path on your host machine where you want to store the snapshots that are generated by data node. Snapshots allow you to restore the database to a previous state.
- `/host_path/to/snapshotsCopyFrom` is the path on your host machine where you want to store the snapshots that are retrieved from IPFS and can be used to rebuild a data node database from another data node.

> ### Postgresql configuration tuning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PostgreSQL configuration tuning
```

> The default PostgreSQL configuration is not optimized for memory usage. We have to modify a few PostgreSQL parameters in the `postgresq.conf` file. The default parameter file path for Linux system and PostgreSQL 14 is: `/etc/postgresql/14/main/postgresql.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default PostgreSQL configuration is not optimised for memory usage, and can be modified. 

Find the PostgreSQL parameters in the `postgresq.conf` file. The default file path for Linux and PostgreSQL 14 is: `/etc/postgresql/14/main/postgresql.conf`.
```

> Suggested parameters for the `PostgreSQL` are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The suggested parameters are below.
```

> #### `max_connections`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Max connections
```

New value:

```conf
max_connections = 50
```

> We should limit the maximum number of connections as it directly impacts the memory usage by PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limiting the maximum number of connections reduces the memory usage by PostgreSQL.
```

> #### `huge_pages`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Huge pages
```

New value:

```conf
huge_pages = off
```

> The default value of the `huge_pages` config is `try`. Setting it to `off` usually reduce the RAM usage, but it increases the CPU usage on the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the `huge_pages` config is `try`. Setting it to `off` usually reduces the RAM usage, however, it increases the CPU usage on the machine.
```

> #### `work_mem`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Work mem
```

New value:

```conf
work_mem = 5MB
```

> #### `temp_buffers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Temp buffers
```

New value:

```conf
temp_buffers = 5MB
```

> #### `shared_buffers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Shared buffers
```

> #### `shared_buffers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Shared buffers
```

New value:

```conf
shared_buffers = 2GB
```

> New value depends on your server memory. It should be set to `25%` of the system physical memory. The `2GB` value should be for the server with `8GB` physical memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value should be set to 25% of your server’s physical memory. The 2GB value would work for a server with 8GB physical memory.
```

> #### `dynamic_shared_memory_type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Dynamic shared memory type
```

New value:

```conf

> dynamic_shared_memory_type = sysv

Reviewer: non-blocking: Could you include a description of what this config is for?

```

> #### `shared_memory_type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Shared memory type
```

New value:

```conf
shared_memory_type = sysv
```

> #### Total memory usage

Reviewer: I don’t think this section is talking about changing configuration, but rather helping someone figure out they can calculate memory. If there is config to change, it could be clearer. And if not, this subsection can be nested outside of the config section.

Total memory usage for PostgreSQL is predictable. There is a `shared_memory` that is shared between all connections and background workers. 

> Each background worker and connection has its own smaller chunk of memory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Each background worker and connection has its own smaller chunk of memory:
```

- `work_mem` - memory available for the query buffers in the connection session.
- `temp_buffers` - memory available for accessing temporary tables by the connection session.

> So We can assume that `Max RAM` utilization may be rounded to: `shared_buffer + (temp_buffers + work_mem) * max_connections`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assume that `Max RAM` utilisation can be rounded to: `shared_buffer + (temp_buffers + work_mem) * max_connections`.
```
